You know what, maybe you're right, Chloe.
I'm ridiculous.
Is that what you've been telling everyone?
I'm sure that the Duke family still values cooperation, but...
Wow.
Did I underestimate your foolishness, Chloe?
You have no right to talk to Mr. Black Knight.
That's enough. You don't get to talk here.
You got mad, Shepard. You dare to go and get from Mr. Duke?
In the same applies to everyone else here.
Anyone who insults Laura.
Leave us with a black card.
It's willing to offend the jig for her.
What kind of job does she have?
I want to be careful, Brian.
Don't forget that this entire hotel chain is owned by the Lewis Group.
Are you willing to get blacklisted for this public tantrum?
The Lewis Group.
Is it blacklisted to anyone, especially not?
Shepard Group.